c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\CodeProject7Days.dll.config
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\CodeProject7Days.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\CodeProject7Days.pdb
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\obj\Debug\CodeProject7Days.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\obj\Debug\CodeProject7Days.dll
c:\users\polo_dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\obj\Debug\CodeProject7Days.pdb
C:\Users\Polo_Dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Polo_Dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Polo_Dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Polo_Dev\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TaimunBhai\CodeProject7Days\CodeProject7Days\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
